docs(common): Add common Data Binding section (#895)
telerik/blazor-docs: common-features/data-binding/overview.md

    int? ComboValue { get; set; }

    public class SampleModel
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public int Text { get; set; }
    }
}
````

## Model Property Names

Some components handle properties with specific names in a predefined way. For example, the Menu will automatically render the `Text` property of its items. If the property names are different, the component will expect additional configuration. All these specifics are described in each component documentation.

## Refresh Data

There are three ways to refresh the component data:

* [Bind the component to Observable data]({%slug common-features-observable-data%}). **This option applies only** if the `Data` parameter is set. The component will refresh automatically when items are **added or removed**.
* Call the component's `Rebind()` method, [if the component has it]({%slug common-features-data-binding-onread%}#components-with-onread-event). This method was implemented to be [used together with the `OnRead` event]({%slug common-features-data-binding-onread%}#refresh-data), but it works with `Data` too. Future UI for Blazor versions will expose the `Rebind()` method for all databound components.

> * Reset the `Data` parameter reference. In some specific scenarios, you may also need to call `StateHasChanged()`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Reset the `Data` parameter reference. Sometimes, you may also need to call `StateHasChanged()` - for example, if the refreshing occurs in `OnAfterRenderAsync`.
```

* For primitive types (numbers, strings, booleans), the detection occurs happens when the **value** changes.
* For complex types (such as `IEnumerable` and any application-specific objects), the detection occurs when the **object reference** changes.

Thus, you will usually need to create a new reference for `Data` value in order to refresh the component.

### Example

>caption Call `Rebind()` or create new Data reference

<div class="skip-repl"></div>

````CSHTML
<p>
    <TelerikButton OnClick="@RefreshGridData">Refresh Grid Data</TelerikButton>
</p>

<TelerikGrid @ref="@GridRef"
             Data="@GridData"
             AutoGenerateColumns="true" />

@code {
    TelerikGrid<SampleModel> GridRef { get; set; }
    List<SampleModel> GridData { get; set; }

    void RefreshGridData()
    {
        var newId = GridData.Count + 1;

        GridData.FirstOrDefault().Text = DateTime.Now.Ticks.ToString();

        GridData.Add(new SampleModel() {
            Id = newId,
            Text = "Text " + newId
        });

>         // components with an OnRead event have Rebind method:

Author: ```suggestion
        // components with an OnRead event have a Rebind method:
```
